Docs - Develop -  Organize Examples (#1432)
iotaledger/wallet.rs: documentation/docs/getting_started/nodejs.mdx

---
description: 'Get started with the official IOTA Wallet Library Software Node.js binding.'
image: /img/logo/wallet_light.png
keywords:

- Node.js
- dotenv
- install
- npm
- yarn
- security

---
import SafePasswordStorage from '../_admonitions/_warning_safe_password_storage.md'

# Getting Started with Node.js

The [IOTA Wallet Node.js binding](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@iota/wallet) is published
on [npmjs.com](https://www.npmjs.com/).

<SafePasswordStorage />

## Prerequisites

> * [Rust and Cargo](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/getting-started/installation.html) to compile the binding.

Reviewer: That's only required if no prebuilt binary is available and one needs to compile it
But then also the things listed under `Dependencies` in the Rust getting started are required
Maybe just link to the Rust page for all of that?

Author: Would something like this work?

```suggestion
* Make sure you have fulfilled the [Rust Getting Started](rust.mdx) requirements to compile the binding.
```

Reviewer: Yes, looks good to me :+1:
